It's 9:00 a.m. in Hong Kong. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Annabelle
Drooers with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open markets here in Hong Kong.
Let's get to your top stories today.
Asian stocks trading cautiously even as
US inflation numbers uh supporting bets
on a deeper path as far as Fed cuts are
concerned. A darkening earnings outlook
threatening Chinese stocks bull market
as traders go on holiday. President Xi
stressing stability in his Luna New Year
message after touting domestic demand as
the main driver of economic growth.
>> Also ahead, Muan in focus this hour
after a company warning of a $3.5
billion annual loss for 2025. That's as
China's food delivery price war
intensifies. Authorities summoning major
platforms overpricing. Plus, our
exclusive with US Secretary of State
Marco Rubio at the Munich Security
Conference, warning Europe about Western
decline and touting US engagement with
China.
>> I think it would be irresponsible for
great powers not to have relationships
and talk through things and to the
extent possible avoid unnecessary
conflict.
Good Monday morning from the Asia
Pacific. Welcome to the show. Um lots to
talk about. Not a lot of markets are
open. Sort of the key themes though
remain um as it pertains to what you're
seeing across the markets that are up
and running uh today. So we're looking
at a slower start to the week. Uh that
is of course we're still coming through
as well as far as tailwinds coming
through out of the US. Uh cooler
inflation numbers might not change the
path in the Fed, but you're looking at
bets around the first or the next rate
cut around the Fed July. Maybe you could
make the case for June, but that's still
not clear at the moment though.
>> Yeah, that's the US story as we enter
the week. I think though the one for
China is looking pretty different
because we're into the Luna New Year
holiday break and I think there's going
to be a lot of questions over the next
few days. Exactly what are the markets
going to look like when we get that
reopen because there's been quite a lot
of news events uh coming into into that
break. You know, you had you had Beijing
summoning the platforms. You've got
Mtoan as well warning of those losses
you just mentioned.
>> Yeah, quite a big well big number as far
as mtowan is concerned. The prelim
numbers that they've come through as
well. Not that that's new news, but it
it simply underscores the earnings wall
that we're about to hit. And it's not as
if these markets are, you know, are
dancing with upward momentum, right?
We've seen, you know, prices come off
substantially. I think we'll show you a
chart later on 200 day moving average.
We're testing that for the first time
since liberation week and back uh back
in April. On top of that, geopolitics,
you know, we had a Munich conference of
course on on on the weekend and on top
of that there was a list very briefly uh
and then it was taken off. But you know,
what do we do with that information?
Markets did react to that though when
you look at Alibaba, BU and the like on
Friday.
>> Yeah, this was extremely confusing, a
bit of a head scratcher really. Section
126H, this is the Pentagon list. It it
names Chinese firms that that the US
purports to have connections to the US
or Chinese military rather. And yeah, we
had those names that were included just
very briefly. Then the entire list was
retracted and now it's considered to be
unpublished. But of course, that
information is in the public domain,
which really brings about that question
of
>> is there any agenda behind this? And
you're getting very close now to that
meeting between President Trump and she
and what's the real intention of this,
if there is any intention at all. But
>> yeah, big question marks over that one.
And then of course just a couple of Hen
index changes as well. Yeah, so the
benchmark becomes a little bit bigger as
far as the additions are concerned
there. So we'll talk more about what
that means and you know that really
comes against the backdrop of really an
important feature for the week which ble
pointing out right a lot of closed
markets no stock connect as far as Hong
Kong and mainland China are concerned
that's throughout the week so no
mainland markets are trading uh we are
just operating a truncated session here
today in Hong Kong so we don't have an
afternoon session we will be uh headed
into the launch break which would mark
um the you know us going into the year
of the horse tomorrow a lot of other
markets as you can see are shut as
across the region and not to also
mention the fact that the US markets are
shut for President's Day. You don't
obviously don't have uh cash treasuries
trading there as well. That is just to
say the markets that are open are
uninspired. Uh you look at the NIK right
now off about a tenth of 1%. US futures
slightly to the upside. You have
Singapore uh coming online, right? How
does the dollar look on the back of that
plummet we had in yields on Friday and
the dollar? We are coming off a sharp
weekly decline on the US dollar.
two-year futures coming up on your
screens. When you look at a two-year
yield, specifically three and a half
year low, September 2022, last time we
saw yields at these levels. Uh gold did
top 5,000. We're giving up some of the
gains right now. Uh a couple of names to
track going into the open today here in
Hong Kong. We talked about this.
Alibaba, BU, JD.com on the platform
story. Mtoan obviously we talked about
that too. A50 futures and the currency
markets coming online and Dollar China.
There we go. 690 as far as the Chinese
currency is concerned.
>> Right, let's get to another news event
because we had Chinese President Xi
Jinping emphasizing a focus on
highquality growth this year. That was
in his annual speech before the Luna New
Year holiday. It's the second
consecutive speech where consumption and
innovation led growth were named as
priorities. For more, let's bring in our
chief North Asia correspondent, Steven
Angel. So, Steve, yeah, tell us what
else what else stood out in these
speeches.
>> Yeah, so there was the speech on
Saturday ahead of the Lunar New Year
holiday. the top leader in China
traditionally does that. So you have to
kind of look at what he said last year
as opposed to this year. As well as we
got also a readout from the top
communist party journal Chioshu
essentially chosure I should say
essentially outlining similar things but
that was from a December meeting of the
central economic work conference that
was just published today or or over the
weekend. So essentially it's saying the
similar things broad brush strokes. Uh
but when we look back at the New Year's
uh address back in 2025, this time last
year, uh they talked about diffusing
risks in key sectors. Uh they talked
about external shocks. Those specific
verbiages were not included this year.
This was more about social harmony and
stability. Keep in mind the Chinese
economy came through 2025 a very
turbulent one globally for trade uh
pretty much pretty much unscathed but
essentially with still the pressure to
rebalance. Look at the trade surplus. It
was a record okay despite those uh trade
headwinds from the United States and the
tariffs. So they're feeling confident
but they need to rebalance. They need to
rely less on exports, less on property,
more on AI or innovation-led investment
uh and of course just consumption,
domestic demand. And that was a common
theme through both of those. I mean they
talked about he talked about all the
things about opening up further green
transition uh ending the uh price wars
in many sectors like EVs, batteries,
solar uh stabilize the property market
uh and again employment for migrants and
for recent graduates. But again very
short on specifics and it begs the
question what do these two speeches
which are very important we have to read
and kind of parse the words of Xinping
but what does it mean for stimulus
because by all indications they're not
going to be opening the floodgates for
stimulus this year
>> you know when you look at the economy
it's really exports that held things up
last last year and the reason I bring
that up in the context of geopolitics
you know protectionism it's going to
make it more difficult for China to lean
on exports for growth and you know you
have the Munich conference of course
where you had Wong and Marco Rubio.
>> What is the sense we're getting Steve in
terms of the truce holding up ahead of
that big meeting between the two
presidents in a couple of weeks.
>> So if that's going to happen and there's
they have not the White House is not
confirmed but they're all of course
putting in the leg work right now to
make it happen maybe the first week of
April or sometime in April with Trump
going to Beijing to meet with Xiinping.
Now they're going to want deliverables.
Both sides are going to want
deliverables. So there it behooves both
of them to lessen the tensions. Maybe as
the US trade representative Jameson
Agrier earlier had said maybe we're
going to be starting working on some of
the second tier issues so there can be
deliverables. Those trade frictions are
still very much there. There is a truce.
Uh maybe they're going to formalize that
truce. That could be a big win for both
sides. But again uh in this exclusive
interview uh that John Mclathweight, our
editor-inchief had with Marco Rubio on
the sidelines of the Munich Security
Conference asked him directly whether he
was concerned Rubio whether he was
concerned about you know Mark Carney and
Kier Starmer and Friedick Mertz and all
these traditional American allies going
to Beijing striking different kinds of
relationships. whether he perceives that
and is concerned that that indicates a
drift of the allies perhaps away from
the United States. This is what he had
to say.
>> In this very forum yesterday, I met with
my counterpart uh the foreign minister
of China. So we expect nation states to
interact with one another. I think it
would be irresponsible for great powers
not to have relationships and talk
through things and to the extent
possible avoid unnecessary conflict. But
there will be areas we'll never agree on
and those are the areas that I hope we
can work together on.
So, Marco Rubio speaking with John
Mclthweight and again just a separate
story but very much intertwined and that
is Wangi also warning the Japanese prime
minister Takiichi about the ghost of
militarism and again that is a a
delicate situation that Trump and she no
doubt will talk about if and when they
do have that summit.
>> Steve thank you Stephen Engel uh our
chief North Asia correspondent there.
Let's have a closer look at markets as
we go into the session today. truncated
one Msei China chart coming up on your
screens. We talked about some of the uh
some of the pre-announcements around
earnings. Some mate on one to watch.
It's underwhelming earnings against the
backdrop of momentum that's lost a lot
of steam here. Three circles on your
screens. First one would be that test
that we had following elections tariff
news and then you had a deepsee moment
pushing us up. We're back down because
of liberation week. We went all the way
up towards September and we're now back
to that support level. We tested that.
We bounced off it on Friday. Let's have
a look at the outlook for today and in
the coming week. Joining us here on set,
Sani Cha out of Hong Kong, of course,
our Asia equities reporter and also a
look at earnings closer look at
earnings. Katherine Lim joining us out
of Singapore, a Bloommer intelligence
senior analyst. Uh Sangi, let me start
with you. What do these
pre-announcements around earnings tell
us about expectations, how high the bar
is? Yeah. So you know this uh negative
earnings alerts that we have been seeing
it's outnumbering the positive ones by
15%. Um and that compared to the second
quarter when we saw 4.8% of the negative
ones it's a huge deterioration that
we're seeing and we see this massive
bifurcation in the region right um take
an example of Korea's benchmark which is
up 31% this year. uh Taiwan is up 16%
but Msei China just like you said is
less than 1% up this year. So you see
this huge um huge spread with its
regional peers and and all of this ties
back to the earnings right because the
weak demand is the culprit here and the
GDP growth has slowed and the government
has come in to actually crack down on
margin financing which has been um you
know it's really a a big uh impact on
the market and also they have scaled
back a lot of these stimulus like
tradein programs for cars and home
appliances. So all of this is weighing
uh down on these companies. But of
course there are opportunities. Um you
know there are the miners like Seamok or
uh some of these software names like if
tech they have been um actually putting
out some good results and they're saying
that you know when it comes to trading
China now you have to be as selective as
you can.
>> Katherine I'll bring you in then just
referencing some of those earnings
warnings. I mean May one has been one of
the most significant with that warning
of a biggest annual loss going back to
2021. So so just how bad exactly is it
going to get?
>> Yeah, Annabelle, it doesn't come as a
surprise because if you look at the
numbers itself, it's actually meeting
largely what consensus um is looking
for. More importantly, that's after a
whole series of downgrades and cuts that
we have seen through 2025 and even over
the last two months. Just to highlight I
think the key thing to note from mtoan's
announcement is that the losses for the
core local commerce will continue in the
first quarter and if you look at
consensus numbers itself they are now
expecting double the losses versus what
they did 2 months ago. So the real
question I think come March you know
when the company is speaking about you
know their results is how much more
downgrades can should we be expecting
for 2026 because we've actually seen how
Alibaba is actually still fighting back
when it comes to you know getting um you
know Q involved in its ecosystem and
getting AI assistance you know in into
its apps itself.
Yeah, Katherine, I'll get your reaction
in a moment to this next bit we're going
to get into right now because the the
consumption story, the cycle that we're
in, the earning story, price cuts and
we're back here and you have the big
platform companies being summoned on
Friday. What can you tell us about that
around pricing specifically?
>> Right. Um so they have been saying uh
eliminate the um involutionary trades,
you know. So uh what they're focusing on
here is you know all these companies
have been doullling out coupons and you
know really sharing free milk tees and
so on and all of this is actually
exacerbating the whole involution that
the government has been trying to tamp
down. So it's all the anti-involution
uh drive that the comp that the country
is going for and so that's why we are
seeing Alibaba and Mtoan um we're we're
watching very closely at open today. uh
but it's been something of a common uh
practices now. We we saw Trip.com and
Tongqang also were summoned. So more and
more of these regulatory summons have
become a normal thing right now.
>> Uh and and Katherine, the admin guidance
coming through from officials, how is
the private sector adjusting to these
guidelines?
>> Right. you know the series of guidelines
that we have seen and as Sami had
actually highlighted you know we we've
been consistently seeing companies
platforms being summoned left right
centered you know to talk about things
itself I think the reality is that this
is such an important engine to China
consumption right now that the
authorities are regulating and putting
in more structured frameworks to pricing
you know to policies to practices And
this will continue to be a thing for
2026 particularly as the state councils
you know they have actually highlighted
last week um platforms they will be one
of the core drivers to consumption um
this year as well
>> sangi aside from this story to watch for
the open today with with the those
companies we're seeing Alibaba bu and
others mtoan rather but the other
companies will be watching or the other
the other theme we're watching is that
section 126H list. What exactly happened
here? And and and we saw that market
reaction. Do we expect it to translate
at all into the session today? Yeah, a
lot of coincidental names here. But um
Friday night we saw uh the Pentagon
added Alibaba, BYD, and uh and also the
um uh BU here to that list, right? And
and they're saying that these companies
have links to the Chinese military. And
of course these companies have come out
with announcements saying uh this is we
reject this announcement and uh they we
have no links to the Chinese military um
and because we are uh they're all
publicly listed companies that are doing
and have products that are just publicly
traded. Right? So all of this has been a
shock but then minutes after they
retracted and said it was unpublished.
So this is coming right ahead of this
state visit from uh Donald Trump to to
Beijing and in April. So all of this
there are a lot of speculations here but
this list it it it was first published
in 21 it has about 130 entities uh the
Chinese entities that do uh businesses
we do not know we cannot confirm but
it's more and more so has been uh
Washington has been pressuring Beijing
using this list
>> well a list that perhaps we can attach a
higher degree of confidence on is is the
the new list on hanging index right
what's the what's that new inclusion
looking like
>> right so the hen index constituent are
now uh 90 members uh from 88. Uh they
have added CL uh the biggest EV battery
maker uh Semok the minor that has been
doing really well because of the global
commodity crisis and of course uh um
also have removed um one of the uh car
um auto related uh company there. Um
>> yeah, Jung Group was removed. Right.
Yes,
>> exactly. Lapu Gold was also added uh
because of this gold play that we are
seeing. So all of this together for the
passive flows Goldman Sachs is saying
it's going to add about $8 billion and
um we're seeing uh these shares uh how
we we'll be seeing how they're going to
trade this morning.
>> Sami great to have you with us this
morning. That was Sami Char there and
also our Bloomberg Intelligence senior
analyst Katherine Lim and we'll have uh
more market views coming up on the show.
We've got Stashaway CIO Stephanie Long
joining us in just a few minutes time to
talk about how AI is disrupting the way
investors view their holdings. Of
course, we've seen lots of sectors being
hit by concerns of AI disruptions to to
very long-standing business models, but
we're counting down to the open of trade
in Hong Kong this morning. Mainland
China is already shut for the Luna New
Year break, but this is a picture here
of what uh futures are indicating to us.
Maybe some slight upside at the open.
More ahead, this is the China show.
vice president said last year very
clearly was that Europe had made a
series of decisions internally that were
threatening to the alliance and
ultimately to themselves not because we
hate Europe or we don't like Europeans
but because what is it that we fight for
what is it that binds us together and
ultimately it's the fact that we are
both heirs to the same civilization and
it's a great civilization and it's one
we should be proud of it's one that's
contributed extraordinarily to the world
and it's one frankly upon which America
is built
>> that was a part of our conversation. The
US Secretary of State Marco Rubio is
speaking exclusively with our editor-in
chief John Mikkeladee and really as you
just heard there are downplaying the
chances of a fracture in the US and
European alliance rather if Ukraine
loses the war with Russia. But let's get
more on that conversation now because it
did happen on the sidelines of the
Munich Security Conference.
>> Uh the Russians are losing 7 to8,000
soldiers a week. A week. Not not
wounded, dead. uh Ukraine has suffered
extraordinary damage including you know
overnight and again to its energy
infrastructure and it will take billions
of dollars and years and years to
rebuild that country. So I don't think
anyone can claim to be winning it. I
think that uh both sides are suffering
tremendous damage and we'd like to see
the war come to an end. It's a senseless
war in our view. The president believes
that very deeply. He believes the war
would have never happened he' been
president at the time. So we're doing
two things. So obviously we continue
look we don't we don't provide arms to
Russia. We provide arms to Ukraine. We
don't sanction Ukraine. We sanction
Russia. But at the same time, we find
ourselves in a unique position of
serving as probably the only nation on
earth that can bring the two sides to
discuss the potential for ending this
war on on on negotiated terms. And it's
an obligation we we haven't we won't
walk away from because we think it's a
very unique one to have. It may not come
to fruition, unfortunately. I hope it
does. And I think there are days when I
feel more optimistic about it than
others, but we're going to keep trying
because that is in the end this war will
not be solved militarily. It will be in
the end it will come to a negotiated
settlement. We'd like to see that happen
as soon as possible. I'm worry that if
if Ukraine loses the war, it's going to
be a disaster for the transatlantic
relationship because Americans will say
the Europeans didn't provide enough arms
and Europeans will look and remember the
meeting in the White House and Zilinsky
and Trump and they will that would that
would ignore reality. Look, Ukraine,
first of all, they deserve a lot of
credit. They fought very bravely.
They've received extraordinary amount of
support from the United States to the
tune of billions of dollars that
pre-exist the war. In fact, Ukraine
probably wouldn't have survived the
early days of the war had it not been
for American aid that came to them even
before the war had started. You know,
with the Javelin missiles that disabled
wasn't saying it was fair. I was just
saying there's a possibility to deal
with but I'm not worried about that
because I can tell you that I think
history will understand that. But I
don't think the war is going to end in a
traditional loss in the way people
think.
Marco Rubio there, US Secretary of
State, speaking exclusively with our
editor-in chief John Michwit there in
Munich. Right. Uh just about six minutes
to the opening bell here in Hong Kong.
Indications are looking like this. Baba
in focus. We're down about 2% in the
early going. This is the China show.
You're watching the China show this
morning. We've got the pre-market
session underway for Hong Kong. Mainland
China is shut. The north and southbound
connects are shut as well. So, that's
obviously going to affect trading
volumes in the session. But anyway, what
we are looking ahead to the open is is
really very much the platform companies
uh for a couple of different reasons.
Firstly, they've been summoned for for
pricing practices by regulators. So,
concerns still around to cutthroat
competition in this space. Alibaba and
BU also named Satra because they were
added briefly to a Pentagon list uh in
the US on Friday warning of supposed
connections to the Chinese military.
Mtoan also wanted to watch. They've been
warning of a $3.5 billion loss. So
clearly this this competition across the
food delivery space is having an impact.
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show. A lot of
markets are shut across the region,
including mainland China. So, it means
no stock connect, not just today, but
the rest of the week. Uh Hong Kong shuts
early today ahead of the Lunar New Year
Eve and then it's the year of the horse
that starts tomorrow. So we have about
three hours of trading give or take
across the session today. Do expect the
volumes to remain substantially lower
than usual. Uh we're looking at tech
obviously this intersection between that
Pentagon list that we saw um on top of
that some of the names on that list and
then was pulled out.
>> There was the summoning of course of
platform. you had the sort of
intersection between those names and
then separately of course index changes
to on the Hangen index effective March
9th.
>> Yeah, exactly. And I think uh really if
you take a look at what sort of fits in
the middle of that ven diagram, it's
it's very much Alibaba that's probably
going to bear the brunt of that because
not only was it briefly on that section
126H list, which is the Pentagon list
that's published annually or has been
since 2021, warning of supposed
connections of Chinese companies to the
military there. You also had it as being
one of the companies that was summoned
by regulators on Friday and concerns
around this continued cutthroat
competition that we see between Alib
Baba Mtoan uh and JD in the food
delivery space in particular Maidtoan
for instance uh warning around the the
impact yet again we're going to see in
their earnings from that but you see
Alibaba there that's really dragging
down the index so far off around 2%. It
does really follow what we had on Wall
Street on Friday because we saw it
drifting down as much as around 6% the
ADRs. They did recover though as that
section 126H was actually removed the
list uh and and certainly question marks
over to why uh that was even published
in the first instance. But let's
actually take a look as well cuz you
mentioned those index changes we've got.
We can take a look at some of the movers
on that. So the additions here we have
CL co
as well. All of those are moving to the
upside. No surprise, of course, they're
joining the Hen Index. Uh we're looking
for for a lot more money to swell into
those stocks. What else we have are
further additions and I think it really
speaks to that sort of tech focus as
well. You've got K holdings active in
the real estate online offline
platforms. Uh Horizon Robotics as well.
So they're joining the index. Removing
it though is is China resources beer and
also Mu dairy. So yeah, questions I
think over that and and particularly
because both of those are consumer
staples stocks which I think is
interesting in light of what we heard
from President Xi uh with his Luna New
address, but really emphasizing the need
to try and boost domestic consumption.
>> Yeah, the China is the the large markets
that I think the 15th 5-year plan has
started well. uh that's of course as as
Steve was pointing out it's a very
important policy signal that comes uh
you know fittingly in between the
central economic work conference and the
NPC of course it just happens to be of
course that we have the holidays coming
through so uh so so we'll talk more
about that in a moment but yeah
certainly the overlay there of just the
the how how best to phrase this the the
preference to lean towards structural
reform and policies more than
reactionary to you know we weak weak
cyclical is really a good way to put
that when you look at how markets have
priced that too. Okay. Uh the other
thing we're trying to figure out as well
is this AI scare trade right from last
week. U so very very long list that's
gone from software all the way down to
logistics financial provide data
providers too. Um some I think I'm just
looking at some some of the phrasing
here. It's called software as a service
apocalypse.
>> SAS apocalypse.
>> SAS apocalypse. Not doesn't quite roll
off the tongue, does it?
>> Say it a few times.
>> Okay. Yeah, that's going to help a shot
for every time. Joining us here on set
to talk is how scared we should be about
this early onset of Halloween, Stephanie
Lung, chief investment officer at
digital wealth platform Stashway. Very
nice to see you. Good morning.
>> Morning. Morning.
>> Let's start off with that. Um markets
have now compiled this short list of
sectors that might get disrupted,
>> right?
>> Um they've sold off quite substantially.
Are are we overreacting or is that is
there something there? Yeah, I'm not
going to try to say SAS apocalypse, but
uh it is indeed like actually burning to
a lot of different sectors. like
actually bring close to home the wealth
management sector was actually the
latest one I was going to ask you about
that
>> to get affected uh as as close as last
week and it was all coming out from I I
think a a fairly smallsized uh company
coming out with like an AI platform that
would transform like how agents are
going to disrupt uh all these wealth
management u uh companies and I think uh
to a certain extent in in short I think
it is overblown in in the short term uh
but of course I mean there are kind of
longer term concerns
So I think the reason why I say it's in
the short term it's overblown is because
if you think about all these big
companies that are using these uh
software system
>> I mean it takes years to actually vent a
system to build a system to actually
implement the data layer that supports
these systems and if you put yourself in
the shoe of the chief investment officer
of a fortune 500 companies
>> I mean is he or she going to say okay
let's vibe code everything let's use
agent I let's use open call it's not not
that possible. It's not that viable in
the near term. I mean, at least it takes
a few years to experiment to actually uh
transform to migrate your systems. And
at the end of the day, I think the
companies that own the distribution has
the moat, right? Because I mean, you've
been dealing with the same Microsoft uh
uh engineers, the same Microsoft sales
for years. It's not so easy for a CIO to
make that decision to change. M
>> now of course uh on the other hand uh a
lot of these uh big companies are also
coming up with the AI solutions. Uh I
mean Microsoft is off like 25 30% office
highs because it so far it seems like
the AI solution copilot is not really
demonstrating its value. uh but I think
this year is the beginning of the year
where you see enterprise actually
adopting AI on mass
>> and I think a lot of these bigger
companies they have the resources they
have the distribution and I think um
this is where I mean we'll see uh that
these companies can actually deliver on
what they promised
>> uh on the other hand I think of course
uh if you think about kind of the longer
term uh there is a classic kind of
demand supply side issue now with all
these AI agents uh what's apparent is
that the cost of creating software uh
has gone down significantly and there's
going to be a lot of supply of software.
I mean I can call uh anything without
writing code. I think Spotify CEO just
recently said that they've actually
stopped writing code as uh uh in the
past few months and the top kind of
engineers are not writing any lines of
code at all. Anybody using lovable can
actually call up their own thing. I
tried using uh open call to create my
agents and I have now like a few agents
working for me on open call and uh and
it's it's it's not that difficult for
anybody to be able to do that. So you
think about this sort of supply thing is
a very very classic supply and demand
issue. You have a lot of supply of
software and there is a structural
concern there as to I mean what it is
going to do to margins of these SAS
companies.
>> Right. So then I want to ask then
whether your your thesis around the
companies or sectors to look at for AI
changes at all for 2026 because I think
last year it was very much around the
picks and shovels seem still at least in
Asia of course cuz that's where a lot of
it's based but but also soaring
valuations of of foundation models for
instance this year do you try and is it
about looking for those companies that
can potentially be major disruptors
because the one in the logistics space
for instance you know as it's $6 million
market cap.
>> Yes. I think I mean the the the the key
word in AI is visibility. I think
because AI models are changing so
quickly and developments in AI like kind
of the landscape is also changing every
3 months and narrative changes every
three months right a few months ago it
was it was um Google Gemini today is
entropic who knows right three months
from now it could be open AI's comeback.
So I think the key is to identify things
that are visible and there's not a lot
of that and I think the the the the most
visible part of the whole AI ecosystem
is still the hardware because there is
still a lot of bottleneck. Uh we see
kind of the the memory names the the the
the chips names actually still uh
performing uh quite well this year. Uh
and I mean that's because there's a
bottleneck there. We know that the
supply is not going to get resolved in
the near term while demand actually
skyrockets with all these kind of new
companies starting like their own AI
agents and and AI developments. I mean
the demand is just going to go up. So I
think it's important for investors still
to stick with names or sectors or or
themes that have a lot of visibility
because I mean seriously nobody knows
what's going to happen 3 months from now
from a software and development
perspective. I mean the question then
becomes so clearly we've moved there now
from was it apocalypse to d ramageddon
right is is how they're looking at the
memory thing
>> it's visibly it's visibly showed up in
Korea right and everyone said there's
there's a clear supply issue there
>> is but is that fully priced now is is is
my question do you still buy a market
like Korea
>> yeah I think if you look at Korea um uh
earnings is going higher it's
accelerating valuation wise is still
quite reasonable and I think from a
positioning perspective yes it has run
quite well but or I mean it's actually
one of the best performing markets in
the past few months but still I don't
think there's a lot of crowdedness in
that trade I mean the more crowded
trades are probably for example the Max
7 which we're still digesting and also I
think if you look at from a kind of
supply side perspective uh there's a lot
of IPO that's coming to us right uh
according to different estimate you
could have between like 50 to 200
billion of IPOs coming this year
>> I mean just the all kind of biggie uh
data bras xa uh uh space x yeah uh
openai and fpping alone that could be
100 billion I mean that's three to four
times of what's the IPO market last year
so I think there's a lot of I guess
there's a lot of money that needs to
perhaps I mean rotate out of the the the
kind of mega uh big US names into other
things and I mean Korea actually sits in
a very interesting juncture because
>> right
>> the I think one of the trades that may
play out this year or one of the
investment theme this year which we're
seeing to to play out is the kind of a
cyclical recovery not just in the US but
globally and if you think about the
beneficiaries of the cyclical recovery I
mean that's I sort of like the the
industrial size small caps which is
playing out copper playing out Korea
also sits kind of right in the middle of
that so I I do think that actually that
that presents a Korea presents a pretty
interesting interjun uh intersection of
AI plus uh cyclical recovery
>> how you thinking about China's markets
>> yeah I think um I mean China market is
of course um uh I mean has we raised it
last year so it's no longer kind of oh
very very undervalued it's sort of fair
right now
>> I think what what happens to China
market depends on the uh earnings
recovery I mean are we going to see
accelerating uh earnings growth in in
the broader China market now if we look
at kind of data on the ground the
property bubble is still a big overhang
right I mean the the the I think
inflation data the activity data is
still still quite uh weak um however I
think there are pockets that are showing
accelerating growth. For example, I look
at the IPO markets uh the all the chip
names are or AI related names are very
well received. Uh and I mean China is
indeed leading in some of the AI areas.
Uh its latest models uh Kimmy for
example is now widely used by US uh
startups. Uh which shows you kind of I
mean how technologically advanced uh
these latest models are. Uh, of course,
needless to say, I mean, EV is one
dominating kind of um, I guess China is
dominating in the EV industry as well. I
mean, drones, robotics, even healthcare.
Uh, there's a lot of exciting
developments. So, I do think that I
mean, China is a I think is an integral
part of a globally diversified
portfolios. Um, and interestingly, it it
it is a growth kind of driver, but it's
also um, kind of a hedge versus your UX
exposure. Well, speaking of uh a
diversified portfolio and you know I'm
going to ask you about precious metals.
>> Yes.
>> Uh gold and silver. Do we need to look
at those two things differently?
>> And what's your advice on both
currently?
>> Right. Uh I mean gold is something that
I mean we've been bullish on for the
last two years and uh it I mean it
benefited our own portfolios in uh in I
guess in in a multi- kind of uh asset
way. Uh I mean year today for example
our portfolios are up kind of single
digits. A large part part of that is of
course gold. Uh of course there is a lot
of volatility in both of them and uh but
year to date I mean gold is still up mid
teens. I mean silver similarly I do
think that if you think about kind of
gold I mean so we invest in gold we
don't invest in silver in our portfolios
because I mean silver is a much more
speculative asset. It's a much more kind
of resale driven asset. uh is much more
volatile and I mean if if you think
about why we have gold it's basically a
replacement for US dollar or for
sovereign dollar. So um we don't need to
add further beta by adding silver. And I
mean of course central banks are buying
gold. They're not buying silver. So I do
think that um I mean having gold is sort
of like a core asset allocation. Now of
course you want to spice up things if
you want to uh kind of I guess uh have
more beta than maybe silver. But
historically when silver starts to rise
that's kind of when resale starts coming
in and that's where you have like kind
of near-term uh tops in both. So okay.
Yeah. Stephanie, thanks so much for
joining us this morning and happy Luna
New Year to you as well. That was
Stephanie Lung there, chief investment
officer at Stashaway. And coming up,
we'll be talking about China's plan to
put more than 200,000
satellites in orbit. That's something
that risks upending the global space
race and squeezing the ambitions of Elon
Musk and Jeff Bezos as well. We'll have
a closer look ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Here are some of the big
geopolitical stories we're tracking this
morning. French President Emanuel Mcron
will attend this week's AI summit in
India as the two countries continue to
deepen ties. Macron's official schedule
also includes a meeting with Indian
Prime Minister Narendra Modi. His visit
comes after New Delhi approved $40
billion worth of arms purchases,
including more than 100 French fighter
jets and missiles.
US Secretary of State Marco Rubio and
Japanese Foreign Minister as well toi
Matei have reaffirmed their commitment
to deepen bilateral ties. Rubio Matei
agreed on the need to modernize economic
security relations and discuss China's
latest trade and export measures against
Japan. Tokyo's relations with Beijing
have been rocky. That's following Prime
Minister Takiichi's comments on Taiwan.
>> Now, staying on that rivalry between
China and the US. Now, China has
submitted plans to the International uh
Telecommunications Union here to deploy,
get this 203,000.
Yeah, that's the right number there
number of satellites by the middle of
the next decade. But our Bloomberg
opinion columnist David Fickling argues
that until China actually develops its
own Falcon 9 uh the real power and
potential remain in the hands of Elon
Musk and space as it pertains of course
to that new frontier and David Fickling
joins us right now to talk us through
this. David you know 203,000 sounds like
a big number but also space is a big
place. Uh how big is that really?
Uh I mean you know to put this in some
kind of context the thing you really
worry about uh if you've seen the films
uh gravity or Elio uh recently um
there's this concept of the Kesler
effect which is the idea if you put too
many satellites in space they start
crashing into each other cause a huge
debris field and you can't use space
anymore. Now by science we're not that
far from that point. There's there was a
study last year that found that in the
best region of space there's only room
for about 146,000 satellites. Right now
we've got 16,000 satellites. We're
adding 4,000 each year. Obviously,
here's this plan for 203,000 satellites.
Um, we could be getting pretty close uh
pretty rapidly.
>> Yeah, of course there's there's lots of
concerns around space junk and and that
that that effect, but and we do have of
course technologies being to develop to
to try and mitigate the effects of space
junk as well. But do we actually get to
that number of north of 200,000 or is is
China just looking to send a signal
here?
Yeah, I think that's a much better
understanding of what's happening. Um,
essentially, uh, they you put in these
applications to this Geneva based
organization and there's not a lot of
penalty if you don't actually get
203,000 satellites in orbit. Basically,
you lose the slots that you've booked.
Um, but what happens in the meantime,
uh, is actually the greater threat for a
lot of satellites is not so much the
space junk, but the interference they
cause to other satellites. Uh and so if
you say you're going to put 203,000
satellites in space, the other companies
all have to redesign their satellites.
That raises costs on them and that slows
them down and that's the real problem
because uh at the moment uh SpaceX is
way out ahead of China and and anyone
else uh in low Earth orbit.
>> Okay. So the big question obviously this
you know the new space race China or the
US will China overtake the US? What do
you think is the an early answer to that
question?
I mean, I think anyone who's observed
geopolitics the last 25 years doesn't
want to uh underestimate China's
potential to close these technological
gaps, but it's starting from a long way
behind. Of that 16,000 satellites in
space, um 10,000 to SpaceX alone, uh the
Falcon 9, as as you said at the top, is
is the only reusable rocket that can uh
you know, reliably deliver large numbers
of satellites at a time. Uh you know,
it's delivering like more than 2,000
every year. Uh, and China still hasn't
really um, you know, completed testing
of any viable reusable rocket, although
every month there's there are new tests
happening and so we might get there. But
in the meantime, China is at least 5
years behind SpaceX. Uh, and everyone
who's betting on low Earth orbit and the
potential of these satellites, they're
really betting that terrestrial
communications networks are close to
getting maxed out and we're going to
need low Earth orbit for the future of
the internet in the 2030s, the 2040s. Um
Musky is way ahead in this. Uh SpaceX
will have seen has this um 1.5 trillion
touted uh valuation ahead of its IPO
this year. Um uh judging by the the
scale of the lead that they've got and
the fact that uh China with all its sort
of technological expertise is having to
resort to these sort of regulatory um
tricks to try and slow it down um does
justify a pretty high valuation on that.
>> Yeah. And of course, SpaceX just so
integral to to the US space efforts as
well. It's a really fascinating column
and I do recommend people read it. Musk
is beating China's 203,000 paper
satellites by David Fickling, our
opinion columnist there. A great piece
on the terminal and online. But a
reminder as well of our new feature.
This is the Bloomberg video hub.
Subscribers can explore live streaming,
news, interviews, and all of our
Bloomberg TV shows, plus documentaries,
reporter analysis, and more. So do check
it out at bloomberg.com/videos.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back and here are some of the
top corporate stories that we're
tracking today. Warner Brothers
Discovery is said to be considering
reopening sale talks with Paramount Sky
Dance. Our sources say Paramount
submitted amended terms last week trying
to topple the existing deal with
Netflix. The new offer includes
Paramount covering a $2.8 billion fee
owed to the streaming giant if Warner to
terminates rather their agreement.
Warner had agreed to sell its namesake
studio and HBO Max streaming businesses
to Netflix in an all share deal.
Australia's
Treasury Wine Estates has reported lower
than expected revenue, citing US supply
chain difficulties and adverse consumer
trends in China. The maker of the iconic
Penfolds brand reported a $458 million
first half net loss that compared with
$156 million profit a year earlier. It's
also suspending its interim dividend
payment to prioritize preservation of
capital and reduce leverage.
Bloomberg has learned that Ford CEO
spoke with senior Trump officials about
a potential framework for Chinese
automakers partnering to build cars in
the US. Sources say the idea involved
joint venture deals in which the US
partner would take a controlling stake.
The agreements would be structured so
both the Chinese and US firms would
share profits and technology.
>> Right. Just for a look at how markets
are trading, we're looking specifically
right now at Japanese banks and share
prices are getting absolutely waxed
today. Um well for 3% down today on the
banks index. I think we were down as
much as 2 and a half% on Friday on the
same gauge here. Uh GDP print pretty
much missing the mark across most
metrics. When you look at the GDP
deflator number, which is more a sort of
inflation window, uh that's one's
actually coming in. Um, and you put
those two things together, perhaps while
you are getting inflationary pressures
coming through, the economy is probably
not there just yet as far as being able
to hike interest rates. And that goes
into that conversation. And separately,
just one last note on Japan, of course,
because in the next hour of the China
show, we'll talk more about the currency
markets and what's really been this
massive rally in the yen. Is it too far,
too quickly, too soon as far as that
rally is concerned? Uh, HSBC joins us to
talk us through that very, very quickly.
Uh a look at the cash markets here in
Hong Kong. 24 minutes into the session
here. Hangen, Hangen Tech, Hangen,
China. And of course from about uh two
or three 3 weeks from now, uh the index
goes from 88 to 90. There we go. On the
back of the changes that were announced
on Friday on the benchmark, no volume
today, and that's because no stock
connect with the mainland. A lot of
markets are shut. Uh I frankly don't
know anyone at work today with the
exception of of course the good folks at
the Bloomberg newsroom. Yes.
We are here. But anyway, we're going to
have a lot more on the way in the next
hour. You're watching the China Show and
this is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Taking a look at the hang half an
hour into the session. Today we have the
index pretty much split actually between
uh decliners and and lagards or rather
stocks that are moving to the upside
essentially. But there is sort of a
couple of big names that we're watching
and that's very much related to the food
delivery giants Alibaba, JD, Mtoan.
They're really what's dragging down the
broader gauge in the session today. even
though of course should say very thin
volumes uh given you've already got
markets shut in mainland China for the
Luna New Year break.
>> Yeah, I mean the Mitwan story is
interesting, right? Because they got
summoned and a lot of if you ask why
they did get summoned, part of that was
what they said earlier on on the
earnings call. There's this massive
competition that's taking place and it's
really driving down prices and you know
officials it's not new news, right? that
officials have come out and basically
guided these companies quite firmly
quite firmly to
>> and multiple times
>> and multiple times as well. Yeah.
>> Uh around you know just stop stop doing
it right as far as you know
involutionary uh price practices are
concerned. Um also in the theme today uh
we're looking at some changes to the
hingen index and we are getting in fact
market reaction to that. Right. The
three names on your screens coming up
shortly will be the three names being
added to the benchmark from March 9. Um,
one is being removed. So you do three -
1 to 88. So I'm just complicating things
here. 88 + 3 minus one takes you to 90.
>> Gosh.
>> And I I guess I didn't simplify it then
too. Um, but yes, March 9 it goes up to
90. These are the three names being
added there. Uh, we talked about this.
Baba, Bou, JD, and Mwtoan are all the
drags coming up on your screens as well.
On top of that, um, couple of markets
are shot across the region. So the ones
that are trading apart from Hong Kong,
you have Japan, you have Oz, Singapore's
online as well. So you have A50 futures
there if you need, of course, a mainland
proxy uh to the mainland listing. We're
not really seeing a lot there. As far
we'll talk about the banks and the GDP
print in a moment there. Uh the macro
picture is 2-year yields last traded,
three and a half year low on the 2-year
yields. uh you had the futures coming up
and of course and gold and silver are
doing this on the back of the break back
above 5,000 on on gold. Okay. Um let's
bring in Mark Cranfield. He's with us
out of Singapore. So Mark, we've sort of
laid out the outline for you there. Help
us color the markets theme today.
>> It's it's very unusual uh for traders to
fight against the prevailing trend when
they're about to go on vacation. So it's
no big surprise that you you see
generally underperformance
of Hong Kong stocks again today. They've
been on a a bit of a downtrend anyway.
So no one's no one's going to step in
front of that just as they're about to
go on on vacation, especially with China
already closed as well. And they'll also
be concerned that during the time when
when Hong Kong is closed, you've still
got this this threat from the United
States because the AI story is
deteriorating pretty quickly in the in
the American market where more of these
themes whether it's wealth management,
logistics, all kinds of AI software,
all of that is being attacked in the
American market. So it could be by the
time Hong Kong reopens later in the week
that US stocks are also lower as well.
So that will feed back into the the Hong
Kong story. It's interesting you were
putting up the the names there which are
going to be included in the in the HSI
and that may be if there's going to be
re reason for optimism people like CL
joining the HSI that's got to be a
positive eventually in the short term
all the other factors related to the
delivery services you were talking about
that's obviously weighing on it but
probably if there's going to be
something to help out the hanging as we
look forward it's going to be these big
companies like CL may help to turn it
In the near term though, we've also got
to worry about earnings from 10 cent and
Alibaba. They're coming up pretty soon
as well. So the the reasons to turn
around the Hong Kong market in the short
term is pretty difficult. They'll need
some very big pleasant surprises to come
out either of earnings or a big
turnaround in the US. Neither of those
look likely at the moment, but who
knows? The picture may change after the
Chinese New Year break.
The other big theme and David was just
mentioning there, but we are seeing that
reaction in the financial stocks in
Japan today following the the GDP print,
but you've also been watching uh the
Japanese yen this morning, Mark.
>> Yeah, I mean the story is really
changing in terms of the yen. I think if
you going into the Japanese elections,
people were pretty cautious about the
currency partly because Prime Minister
Takiichi herself had made it sound as
though she didn't really support the
currency. Didn't particularly want a
strong currency. People on reflection
are now beginning to think that was
probably election talk. That was there
to to try and get help to get votes for
the election. She's done that. LDP have
had a big win. And since then, Takishi
has been very quiet. which has allowed
the experts on the currency to talk.
They sound a bit more supportive about
it and clearly the fact that inflation
particularly core inflation is well
entrenched in Japan. They can't really
afford the currency to be that much
weaker. Investors can see that now. So a
much more positive outlook for the
Japanese currency in the past few days
since the vote and also the the feedback
into Japanese bonds as well. Japanese
bonds declining was feeding into the
yen. They were feeding into each other.
We've also seen stability in the
Japanese yield curve as well. That's
helping the the JGBs and the the yen as
well. And the fact that the Bank of
Japan for the moment the market is
looking for two rate hikes from Japan
this year. And the politicians have not
pushed back. That's very significant.
And yen traders can see that there are
big short yen positions going into the
election. They've been trimmed but not
completely. There are still shorts in
the market to be taken out. And that's
why if you look at dolly yen, we're
around the 153 handle and yet we're up
at 159 not too long ago. We've come down
a long way and we're holding around
those levels. It looks as though the
market is becoming much more positive on
the yen and that could stay for some
time, particularly when you consider
that the Federal Reserve now is looking
at probably three interest rate cuts
this year, not two after the CPI data we
saw last week.
Mark, great to have you with us this
morning. That's our Bloomberg Mive
strategist Mark Cranfield there in
Singapore. And uh let's get more now on
really what was surprisingly weak GDP
figures or that print in Japan with our
senior editor Brian Fowler who's in
Tokyo for us. So Brian, how are you
reading these numbers just out in the
last couple of hours?
>> Yeah, so the numbers were definitely a
little disappointing compared with what
we expected. uh net exports did not make
any contri contribution to growth at all
even though actual exports rose each
month of that quarter. I think what
we're seeing there is that inbound
tourism took a little bit of a hit uh
especially from China after after
tensions with China erupted in early
November. We saw of course China uh
warning its citizens against traveling
to Japan and and we actually saw that
effect very clearly in December. Uh,
also capital spending was weaker than we
thought it would be. We'll keep an eye
on that. We will get the finance
ministry's fourth quarter capital
spending report on March 3rd. Those
numbers tend to be a little bit better
uh historically than what we've seen in
GDP. And if that's the case this time
around, I would expect us to see that
the fourth quarter GDP numbers will be
revised uh when it comes time to look at
them again.
And Brian, does this change or alter the
the BOG scores in terms of just being
able to hike normalize interest rates?
Let's let's phrase it that way.
>> Yeah. Well, I think that's a key point
there. Normalize interest rates. So, you
know, if we were talking about the
interest rate actually uh the BOJ
actually taking some kind of a
restrictive policy, that might be a
different story. But in this case, the
BOJ has room to hike interest rates
while still saying that what it's doing
is dialing back the degree of easing as
it normalizes policy as it gets closer
to neutral. So the big thing to watch
for the BOJ will be wage talk
developments. And at this point, all
signs are pointing towards uh agreements
on wages that will be roughly more or
less in line with what we've seen in
recent years. And those are are very
high uh wage gains by historical
standards. And if we see that come
through this time as well, I think the
BOJ can make a strong case for going
ahead and hiking interest rates as early
as this spring. If you look at the uh
movements in the overnight swaps market,
uh March is on March 19th, the next
decision is definitely not a done deal
at all, but it's kind of an outside
possibility. Uh with many more people
looking for something as early as April.
>> Brian, thank you. Brian Fowler, our
senior editor there on the latest GDP
print. In fact, just coming up, we'll
talk more about the yen uh with our next
guest coming out of HSBC, including that
of course EM currencies providing more
stable perhaps uh stable returns. Is
that a good way to put that? Uh compared
to developed nation peers like the yen,
which has been frankly all over the
place the last few weeks or so. Joey Chu
joins us to help unpack all of these
things for us in a few minutes.
You're watching the China show, taking a
look at how currencies are fairing in
the session today. It is a pretty mixed
picture. Of course, the biggest one
you've got there uh that's that's moving
to the downside against the green back
is the Japanese yen. That's after we had
the GDP figures coming in and pretty
much undershooting every single fourth
forecast rather on growth. So questions
around does that change at all the the
the timeline for the BOJ's path to
normalization. Otherwise, it's it's
really been a story at least on the
Friday session of dollar declines
because we had that US inflation print
rising less than expected. So we had the
currency down for a fifth time in 6
days. But let's h get more on the
outlook for FX. Now bring in Joey Chu.
She's head of Asia FX research at HSBC.
So yeah, we might start off with that
direction for the dollar. also the the
expectations around where the Fed what
do you think is the market
overestimating the likelihood of Fed
easing this year?
>> Well yes if you look at just the data
for example I mean we're going to get
fourth quarter GDP this week but the GDP
now cast is tracking something like
3.6%.
This really doesn't sound like, you
know, the US economy is in need of
easing, right? And also the inflation,
yes, it's a little bit less than
expected, but it's still two and a half%
on the core print. So from a cyclical
perspective, actually the Fed does not
really need to ease, but the market
still has this easing bias because of a
v variety of other reasons. So uh so for
us in our view, the dollar still should
remain soft due to this other policy
uncertainty.
Yeah, I was going to ask you do do you
think you know when you try to figure
out Joey the path of the US dollar do
economics matter at this point in time.
>> Yeah. You know when we think about a
dollar we use like this framework quite
a simple framework but it's basically
cyclical structural political. So at any
point in time you know one factor or
another might be more important. And it
just so happens that right now the
political and structural factors
probably matter more than the cyclical
factors.
>> So then what what is the direction then
that you're expecting for for the green
back this year?
>> Right. So we're saying that you know we
think that the dollar should still
remain under pressure because of these
two other legs of the triangle the
political and the structural factors.
For example there's still all this talk
about diversification away from the
dollar or hedging of the dollar assets.
So these are structural forces that will
keep a lot of the positioning more on
the short dollar side. But of course as
mentioned earlier the cyclical forces
are such that actually the dollar could
still remain roughly supported. So all
in all we see dollar in this like um
rangebound but probably more in the
lower end of the recent range.
>> Does the weakness in the dollar mostly
explain Joey the strength in in the
Japanese yen is where I I want what I
want to get to here. you know the the
rally seems to have come
too too fast too soon. Uh what do you do
with the yen now? Do you fade this
rally?
>> Right. I think the yen has some uh
domestic situation going on as well. So
recently the election seems to have
ushered in this narrative that uh you
know with more of this um majority
supermajority actually. So the polit the
government does not need to make any
more political compromises and so that
reduces the likelihood of fiscal
slippage. So that is a good news for the
Japanese yen. However, our view is that
you know going longer term we actually
still do not know how this government
thinks about fiscal policy about even
monetary policy post election. And so I
think uh there is still a lot of
uncertainty that we need to get through
and uh you know time will tell whether
there really is more fiscal
consolidation or fiscal discipline
coming in.
>> So against that if you are expecting
more volatility which other pairs are
are going to be most important for you
to be watching for the Japanese yen
specifically
>> right I think for the Japanese yen it
will continue to trade on his own
domestic situation. uh but you know if
there's really um external factor it
will still actually be the dollar the
broad dollar direction US yields um yeah
so so that's that's that but for the
Japanese yen it actually has quite a lot
of spillover effects onto the rest of
Asia so the correlation is the other way
rather than um from other Asia to
Japanese yen
>> we we've seen and just to broaden the
view on you know DM versus EM EM has
large Yeah, obviously you have, you
know, idiosyncratic every now and then
one or two, but EM has basically
been a lot more behaved. You look at
measures of vault, for example. Why do
you think that is? And do you think that
stasis is something we can trust as far
as because that goes into everything all
things carry for example,
>> right? I think there are two main
reasons that still underpinning this,
you know, really strong sentiment
towards EMFX or EM assets in general.
The first is that there's still this
bias right from the market for the Fed
to ease. That's one thing. The second is
that if you look at the data outside of
the US, it's actually holding up pretty
well. So for example, when we look at
data surprises, XUS, it's actually
trending at the pace that's a little bit
faster than the data surprises coming
out from the US itself. So the growth of
XUS is actually holding up really well
and that's actually supporting EM assets
and EMFX as well.
>> Okay. Uh can I ask you about the
Japanese yen? Sorry. Can I ask you about
the Chinese currency then at this point
in time because it's you know we're get
it used to be strong you know weak
dollar stronger yuan
that might have changed and you know
there are questions around whether or
not they were pursuing implicitly a
stronger currency policy on as far as
the the yuan is concerned uh where do
you think the yuan head shortterm
>> right actually you know when China goes
on long holiday dollar CH tends to trade
with the broader dollar with risk
appetite as well as with the prevailing
theme for the R&B at that juncture. So
for example, last year the prevailing
theme was you know US China trade
tension. So during Chinese New Year in
2025 actually traded quite weak.
However, this time around the prevailing
theme for R&B I think is about policy
support for R&B internationalization
about supporting R&B as a reserve
currency. So I think this will anchor
the R&B. We still like the R&B stronger.
>> Okay. And how do we look at just using
the R&B as an example because that is a
good example of this next analogy I'm
going to bring up. So currencies of
economies with extremely strong current
accounts. So you have the yuan uh I'm
looking at the Taiwan dollar, you know,
we had just that massive GDP print on
Friday. Um and I guess my question is do
those remain drivers of those currencies
or is it some down to something else,
Joey?
>> Right. I mean it differs for the various
currencies. I mean on top of Taiwan
dollar you mentioned actually Korean
Juan is also another one with record
current accounts left bless us but as we
know up to recently Korean Juan has been
very weak right so it's all about what
happens at the capital account side as
well for the R&B is a little bit more
special because the capital account is
still somewhat a little bit restricted
so therefore there's still a lot of
strength that is coming in from the
current account but for a lot of other
Asia currencies whereby their capital
account is very unrestricted already
Korean Juan Taiwan dollar sing dollar um
I think it really depends on the capital
flows and these are quite different for
all these three currencies that we're
talking about at this juncture.
>> Joey, great to have you with us this
morning. That was Joey Chu there, head
of Asia FX research at HSBC in
Singapore. And just as we've been
discussing actually there's been uh
local media reporting on Alibaba and uh
talking about a release that we could
get to the Quen 3 series that they're
saying they're going to be releasing
Quen 3.5 model on Monday. So just to
sort of follow what's been a host of
Chinese AI companies that are looking to
get those eyeballs uh during the Lunar
New Year break and releasing these AI
foundation model updates. Alibaba though
not really reacting much because you're
still seeing that stock under pressure
today. Two different stories. Briefly it
was added to the section 126H list.
That's the Pentagon list on Friday. Uh
that was then retracted but also was one
of the companies summoned by regulators
on Friday too.
>> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So it looks like
markets are leaning. I think the point
that Mark Cranfield made a few minutes
back is is salient at this point in
time. You know, there's very little uh
reason to take on substantial amounts of
risk even if you are getting
incrementally good news because of the
long holidays coming up and certainly
the uh the the the uh proclivity to to
lean on negative news here is perhaps
more pronounced uh given the seasonal
factors affecting uh this market. That's
just me buying time basically. All
right. Um lots more on the way here.
We'll have more on the markets coming
through uh in the next hour. Of course
at Goomer television with uh of course
insight with has there with Pendle Group
Amy Sepatrick shares her outlook for
fixed income. You had a massive move
down in cash yields and treasuries on
Friday. Much more ahead on the China
show as well.
Welcome back. US Secretary of State
Marco Rubio has downplayed the chances
of a fracture in the US and European
alliance if Ukraine loses the war uh
with Russia. He spoke exclusively to
Bloomberg on the sidelines of the Munich
Security Conference.
>> Uh the Russians are losing 7 to8,000
soldiers a week. A week. Not not
wounded, dead. uh Ukraine has suffered
extraordinary damage including you know
overnight and again to its energy
infrastructure and it will take billions
of dollars and years and years to
rebuild that country. So I don't think
anyone can claim to be winning it. I
think that uh both sides are suffering
tremendous damage and we'd like to see
the war come to an end. It's a senseless
war in our view. The president believes
that very deeply. He believes the war
would have never happened he' been
president at the time. So we're doing
two things. So obviously we continue
look we don't we don't provide arms to
Russia. We provide arms to Ukraine. We
don't sanction Ukraine. We sanction
Russia. But at the same time, we find
ourselves in a unique position of
serving as probably the only nation on
earth that can bring the two sides to
discuss the potential for ending this
war on on on negotiated terms. And it's
an obligation we we haven't we won't
walk away from because we think it's a
very unique one to have. It may not come
to fruition, unfortunately. I hope it
does. And I think there are days when I
feel more optimistic about it than
others, but we're going to keep trying
because that is in the end this war will
not be solved militarily. It will be in
the end it will come to a negotiated
settlement. We'd like to see that happen
as soon as possible. I'm worry that if
if Ukraine loses the war, it's going to
be a disaster for the transatlantic
relationship because Americans will say
the Europeans didn't provide enough arms
and Europeans will look and remember the
meeting in the White House and Zilinsky
and Trump and they will that would that
would ignore reality. Look, Ukraine,
first of all, they deserve a lot of
credit. They fought very bravely.
They've received extraordinary amount of
support from the United States to the
tune of billions of dollars that
pre-exist the war. In fact, Ukraine
probably wouldn't have survived the
early days of the war had it not been
for American aid that came to them even
before the war had started, you know,
with the Javelin missiles that disabled.
I
>> wasn't saying it was fair. I was just
saying there's a possibility to deal
with. But I'm not worried about that
because I can tell you that I think
history will understand that. But I
don't think the war is going to end in a
traditional loss in the way people
think.
That was the US Secretary of State Marco
Rubio speaking exclusively with
Bloomberg's editor-inchief John
Mikkelweight in Munich. And uh let's
just take a look at how markets are
fairing in the session today because
we've been talking a lot about Alibaba,
but really a few different themes.
Firstly, we've just had some local media
reports. They're going to be releasing
an update to the Quen 3 series with the
3.5 model. So really just a very
consistent theme we've seen from a lot
of AI companies in China or tech
companies in China looking to get those
eyeballs in this holiday period with
model updates. Of course we're
continuing to track. Will we get
anything on the deepseek front? Uh
Alibaba still though in the red today.
We've got it being also summoned by
regulators on Friday. Concerns that it
was very briefly added to a Pentagon
list as well that was issued Friday in
the US. But uh that's the Alibaba story.
Let's also take a look at some of the
material stocks we're watching today. Uh
Gi Mining for instance among those but
we are seeing these really moving to the
upside in the session.
>> Yeah. Well, for one it's gold. There's
the materials fle obviously that's been
very much in focus here. If there's
anything sort of any consistent theme
that's held up on the China story with
platforms obviously under pressure.
Here's an interesting stat for you
because I know Xiaomi is one of the
companies that you like to cover. Share
price of Xiaomi's actually uh fallen by
50% from the peak. So we bounced off the
if you take the you know a fibble
retracement from the bottom back in 2018
to the peak last year. It it it's it's
at about the 50% retracement level from
that point in time. It's not down 50%.
It's at 50% retracement level just to be
exact. Okay. And that goes into this
rotation into value AIA China Life. I'll
even put in HSBC which is trading lower
today. And another stat for you guys.
HSBC is up by more than double. back to
the point on Alibaba from liberation
day. So, who would have thought, right?
Uh 9 months back. Anyway, uh that's a
look at the uh movers right now. Lots of
closed markets though as well to tell
you about. This is Bumboo.
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo this morning.
Japanese markets just about to go onto
their lunch break. You're seeing some
downward pressure here. You've also got
the yen under pressure and Japanese
yields just moving fractionally so far
today. But the big story really has been
in the last couple of hours around the
real GDP which grew just2 of a percent
on an annualized basis. That was far
undershooting economist expectations or
the median of 1.6% growth. Consumer
spending as well slowing down to.1%. So
there's a lot of concerns around the
fragility of domestic demand. households
as well, how they're continuing to cope
with inflation. So, exactly how the
economy fares going into 2026 is is the
big question. A lot of that strength
that we had seen was sort of like
predicated on on large stimulus wage
growth. So, it's going to be a lot of
questions as well. What happens with
those annual wage negotiations that come
up in the spring? Uh, but another GDP
print that we got recently, of course,
Taiwan has more than doubled its 2026
GDP outlook to 7.71%.
That's up from 3.54% previously. The
upgrade is on optimism. The AI boom has
room to run further and follows a final
trade deal with the US. The prior
outlook came before Washington agreed to
slash tariffs on imports from the
island. Taiwan now sees exports rising
more than 22% this year. That's up from
6% before the deal. Big focus as well on
other uh inflation prints this week.
>> Yeah, absolutely. In fact, just have a
look at where we are as far as the what
what we're tracking here this week. And
I think it's worth pointing out, right?
So greater China's on holiday for most
uh of this week. Just a note as well,
we're entering the last two hours of
trading here in Hong Kong. So it's a
very short session today. Now, just
speaking of right on the macro and rate
side of things, you do have rate
decisions in New Zealand, Indonesia, and
also the Philippines. So Southeast Asia
will remain very busy uh towards the
latter part of this week. And as far as
some of the inflation prints are
concerned, we're coming up one of course
in the US on Friday. December PCE is
actually coming out at the end of this
week. is sort of bookending this sort of
7 days of uh inflation prints there. So
just something to watch. Uh also just
coming out right now uh GDP numbers out
of Thailand. We're looking at this is
for forward Q and of course that takes
us into the full year 2.4% that's above
estimates and we're also looking at so
SAQ and Q coming in at 1.9%. That's also
coming in better than expectations as
far as Thailand is concerned. There we
go.
>> Yeah. Let's also take a look at earnings
because we're really getting into the
season now. And in Australia, we
actually had Treasury wine estates
reporting lower than expected revenue
citing US supply chain difficulties and
adverse trends in or consumer trends
rather in China. This is the maker of
the iconic Penfolds brand and it
reported a $458 million first half net
loss that compares with a $156 million
profit a year ago. It's also suspending
its interim dividend payment to
prioritize preservation of capital and
reduce leverage.
A2 Milk has boosted first half earnings
and raised its fullear revenue guidance
as sales in China continue to
strengthen. The New Zealandbased company
now sees a mid double-digit percentage
increase in fullear sales. That's up
from low double digits previously. Sales
in the key China formula market
increased and boosted were boosted
rather by increased birth rates in 2024.
>> Right now the reporting season speaking
of earnings here uh in Oz uh shifts into
high gear. In fact this week you have
Rio you have BHP the big mining stocks
and big materials place there uh seen as
pivotal really to the country's rebound.
Now, Bloomberg Intelligence says that
both miners are actually set uh for
earnings outperformance supported by
this broader uh wave of commodity price
inflation. Let's bring in uh our
equities reporter Carmelo Arana here to
talk us through this. Yeah. So, how is
this result season going so far? Maybe
as something that could inform us about
what this week looks like.
>> Yeah. So, result season is quite mixed
so far. As Annabelle was saying, we had
Treasury wine earnings earlier which
showed a bit of a disappointment. They
had to cut their dividend. We also had
A2 Milk earnings this morning in New
Zealand uh which was above expectations.
I think what's interesting about those
two companies is that they're both sort
of anchored to the China market and
they're both sort of linked to China
demand. And you can kind of see with
those two companies how uh different
companies will uh have different results
based on those uh those numbers. So
results have been mixed so far and
obviously that will set the tone for the
rest of the week especially with the
bigger companies that are reporting
later.
>> Yeah. Well, you mentioned of course
being anchored to China and of course
you've got that with the mining majors
BHP and Riotinto as well that are due to
post their numbers. Plus you've got
energy companies like Santos. So what
are you what are you thinking there or
what's what's your expectation?
>> Yeah. So BHP and Riotinto, these are the
two biggest mining companies in
Australia and they will be very very
important to watch. Um with Santos as
well, I think it's interesting to note
that all three of these companies have
been involved in M&A um in some shape or
another in recent times. So obviously
BHP and Rio Tinto have uh recently made
takeover attempts uh for Anglo and uh
Glenor respectively. Shareholders will
be watching for clues as to how these
companies intend to step forward and
return value to shareholders. Um we
already had a little bit of a preview in
their quarterly results recently that
showed strong uh output with their iron
ore and copper businesses. Um, so those
will still be in focus, but it's really
going to be looking at the next steps
for those two. Um, Santos, it's a
similar story. They were the subject of
a takeover from ADNO a couple of months
ago. So, it's really all about the
strategy. It's really all about where to
next for these companies.
>> Yeah. So, I'm just looking at the data I
have on my screens here. Uh, it's so it
looks like we're about 10 to let's call
it 12% into the earning season.
obviously quite early on but are any
early trends or themes that have emerged
so far?
>> Yeah, I mean Australian companies are
sort of operating and reporting in a
very challenging environment at the
moment with the economic backdrop. We
have inflation projected to stay higher
for longer. We have the RBA, the central
bank starting to ease rates. So the
economic outlook is a little bit uh
darker at the moment. So what's key here
is how these companies sort of execute
their strategies and staying disciplined
in terms of costs. So you'll see that a
lot of the consumer stocks that are uh
doing well on those fronts tend to be uh
more favorably received by the market
when they report earnings. We saw that
with Breville last week. It's a
different story with Nick Scarley and
also even with JB Hi-Fi this morning.
that stock was going back and forth
between gains and losses as investors
were trying to figure out what was key
there. Um, I think it's also important
to note that results season is coming
amid all of this volatility with the
tech space and the software space. So
that's also adding an extra headwind
especially for for those software
stocks. Last week we saw some big swings
in AM, Promedicus, Temple and Webster.
all of these software related stocks uh
compounding negative earnings um results
from them. So, we're seeing some of
those play outs um already so far, but
obviously it's key to see what happens
next with the rest of the companies
reporting.
>> All right, want to watch Carmeli
fantastic. Thank you so much. primarily
Argana there are out of Sydney for as
our equities reporter giving us sort of
the initial take on what the season so
far has looked like and how that informs
us of what is likely or not ahead a
reminder for our clients and Bloomberg
users here that the video hub the new
video hub is now up and running as you
can see on your screen subscribers can
explore live streaming you have
interviews you have news and all uh the
programs of course across Bloomberg
television documentaries report analysis
and everything in between there check it
out bloomberg.com
/videos.
This is Boomer.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is
emphasizing a focus on highquality
growth this year. That's in his annual
speech before the Luna New Year holiday.
It's the second consecutive speech where
consumption and innovationled growth
were named as priorities. For more,
let's bring in our chief North Asia
correspondent, Steven Angel. So, Steve,
yeah, I mean, we've seen that big focus
on consumption repeatedly, and it's it's
a bit of a difference, I guess, from the
tone that was set last year as well.
>> Yeah, I think there was a lot of
uncertainty going into last year. It was
right before or it was just as Donald
Trump, of course, was taking over the
presidency with the Lunar New Year
happening in late January. Uh so there
was an emphasis in his lunar new year
speech last year about diffusing the
risks and uh essentially um also kind of
combating some of the domestic risks in
the economy like uh the anti-involution
campaign, the price wars and things like
that. These kind of things were not
necessarily mentioned this time around.
They talked about social harmony, uh,
stability, uh, and again in both
speeches, not only this Lunar New Year
holiday speech that was given on
Saturday, but there was another speech
which just printed over the weekend, um,
from the Communist Party's main journal,
that's Chio essentially outlining or
basically a readout of his speech that
he gave at the Central Economic Work
Conference in December, which is a
closed- dooror affair of top senior
Chinese Communist Party officials. uh we
got a bit of a state media readout at
the time. We knew that consumption was
going to be a priority. This time we got
the whole speech and again he talked a
lot about the super largecale market of
the Chinese economy as being an engine
for growing uh the consumption economy
but also the innovation investment
driven economy. uh as opposed to what we
really saw with the pillars of the
economy last year was exports, right?
And a continued very feeble reliance on
property. Those are being deemphasized
right now until they find a significant
solution obviously and a lasting
solution if there is one to the property
downturn. But those are the priorities
that he outlined in his speech about the
green transition, the property market,
stabilizing that. Employment also a key
one for migrants and for recent
graduates. I'll borrow your your your
word or stable the relationship with the
United States this tra this this truce
that we're seeing right now we
understand of course that Wangi and
Marco Rubio met uh at Munich in Munich.
So how does it what happened and does
that mean we're going to get that
meeting finally between the two
presidents?
>> You mean the summit summit? Yes. Of
course, there's going to be lots of
dialogue and I think the readout from
Shininoa news agency, state media in
China is that uh they need to increase
their dialogue and and that again is it
makes sense. You you're not going to
have a summit in China unless there's
deliverables for both, right? So,
they're not going to necessarily
perpetuate the ill blood, the bad blood
between the two of them. They're going
to find some common ground and build on
that and maybe make a lasting truce
because keep in mind in December
essentially they agreed to a a truce of
about one year. Is there area where they
can find deliverables for that lasting
truce? Now in an exclusive interview
again we've been playing this throughout
uh between Bloomberg's uh editor and
chief John Mclithweight and Marco Rubio
on the sidelines of the Munich Security
Conference. They not only talked about
the US European relationship which has
had some difficulties but also the
USChina relationship and in particular
Miche asked Marco Rubio essentially
whether he was worried about Mark Carney
going to Beijing, Kier Star going to
Beijing, Friedick Mertz soon going to
Beijing. We had Emanuel Macron last year
in Beijing. Is he concerned that this is
showing the alliances, the strong
alliances that America has with these
NATO allies are maybe drifting closer to
Beijing? This is what Marco Rubio had to
say. In this very forum yesterday, I met
with my counterpart uh the foreign
minister of China. So, we expect nation
states to interact with one another. I
think it would be irresponsible for
great powers not to have relationships
and talk through things and to the
extent possible avoid unnecessary
conflict. But there will be areas we'll
never agree on and those are the areas
that I hope we can work together on.
>> Now separately the Chinese foreign
minister Wong Yi was very active in
Munich as well. He did bring up the
issue which has really been damaging U
China and Japan relations and that is
those comments of course the prime
minister Taki IchiSan made about Taiwan
and whether that was potentially if it
was invaded whether that would be a
survival threatening situation for
Japan. She has not backed down on that.
Wangi is doubling down on his threats is
saying there needs to be an apology.
There needs to be a retraction of those
comments. Uh and that Takiichi is
essentially in his words bringing up the
ghost of militarism again and that is
going to be a very dangerous situation.
>> Yeah. And interesting as well just the
timing of the meetings coming up because
Takichi of course going to Washington to
meet President Trump just before Trump
meets with she.
>> Well, that's a very interesting
balancing act that Donald Trump has to
play. Japan obviously a key ally in this
part of the world and what message does
Trump have for shei on that front?
>> All right, Steve, thanks very much. That
was our chief North Asia correspondent
Steven Angel there and some other top
global headlines that we're tracking
today. China says it will allow
visa-free travel for Canadian and UK
citizens starting Tuesday. Nationals of
the two countries holding ordinary
passports may enter China visa-free for
business, tourism, and family visits for
stays of up to 30 days. The policy will
remain in effect and until at least
December 31st.
French President Emanuel Macron will
attend this week's AI summit in India as
the two countries continue to deepen
ties. Macron's official schedule also
includes a meeting with Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi. His visit comes
after New Delhi approved $40 billion
worth of arms purchases including more
than 100 French fighter jets and
missiles. Let's have a look at uh what's
happening in Malaysia, especially on
Sunday. If you've sort of seen some of
the the scenes locally there, you have
hundreds of Malaysians uh rallying uh in
KL on Sunday demanding the arrest of
anti-graft chief Azambaki. Now, comes
down to these alleged improper
shareholdings and u abuse of power.
Let's bring in our chief Asia
correspondent Rosalyn Mat who has more
details for us. Ros, why don't we get
started with just the basics here? What
is u so so what is he being investigated
for effectively here?
>> Well, as you're saying, there were these
protests yesterday and they're against
the anti-graft chief in Malaysia. The
the allegation is in Bloomberg reports
as well is that he actually had
shareholdings that were worth more than
a public servant is allowed to have
valued more at least as of February last
year. And also as a public servant, you
have to declare your interests in these
investments. um when you buy them, when
you sell them, or at least every 5
years. And was he also doing that? And
so the allegations there have caused the
government to say that cabinet will have
an investigation into him. Um that's
going to be led by the attorney general,
but it's not not the first time these
allegations have been raised against the
antigraph chief. There were protests
back in 2022 similarly over questions
about his investments, his holdings in
in companies and obviously in a in a
strong position as the anti-graft chief
in Malaysia which he's been in for quite
some years. You know, does he need to
make sure that he's separate from these
kinds of investments because again he
needs to be showing that agencies
leading the charge in terms of looking
at the behavior of people and their own
investments. So now we've got this
investigation going on into him. It's
unclear how long that's going to go for.
Obviously unclear what it's going to
produce. He says, of course, he's got
nothing to hide. He said he's very happy
for people to look into his his own
investments and his own business
affairs. But it does raise those
questions again that investors have
looking in Malaysia, a long history of
corruption, a deterrent to investment
and questions for business. Is is
anything really changing?
>> Yeah. So what's the what's the next step
then given you've got these protests but
at the same time as um pretty much
trying to to rebuff all all allegations.
>> Well that's right. You've got this
investigation going on. You've also got
questions over his tenure as the head of
the anti-graft commission because of
course he's been extended several times
uh by the prime minister Anoir Ibrahim
even though he's over the age of
retirement for a public servant in that
role and his term comes up again in May.
So all eyes will be on whether the prime
minister tries to extend his term again
or whether that's the end of his time at
the head of the anti-graft commission
and then in that case who comes in after
him. But there are broader questions not
just about him but about the anti-graft
commission in general and the and you
know the the the actions of the
government in trying to clamp down on
corruption. I mean Anwa Ibrahim came to
power vowing to root out corruption you
know three years in he there's
allegations also against the prime
minister is he using the antigraph
commission uh to go after some of his
political enemies former prime ministers
for example so a lot of complex
questions there about Malaysia and again
for investors fundamentally you know
wanting to seek clarity about whether
they can have security of their
investments in the country.
Ross, thank you so much. Rosalyn Matis
in there in Singapore for us, our chief
Asia correspondent on the latest that's
come through so far out of out of
Malaysia. In fact, just speaking of
here, look at Malaysian markets.
Singapore of course Roz is and also you
have the Philippines also trading right
now. And just to also mention, we talked
about this in case you missed that two
rate decisions in Southeast Asia this
week uh toward the latter part uh that's
of course on Thursday coming through out
of the Philippines and also uh
Indonesia, right? a brief look at
Southeast Asian markets. Why don't we?
Anyway, we'll take a short break. See
you on the other other side of it.
Right, welcome back to the China Show.
An update here. Okay, this one keeps
giving. So Warner Brothers Discovery is
said to be considering reopening these
sale talks with Paramount Sky Dance. Now
our sources say Paramount submitted
amended terms last week trying to topple
the existing deal uh with Netflix. Now
the new offer includes Paramount
covering $2.8 billion fee is owed of
course to the streaming giant if Warner
terminates their agreement. Now, Warner
had agreed to sell its namesake studio
and HBO Max streaming business to
Netflix in an all share deal.
>> Yeah. And those talks on what could be
one of the biggest M&A transactions in
Hollywood come amid the release of a new
AI video generation model in China that
really could actually end up disrupting
the media sector. Tik Tok owner Bite
Dance on Saturday upgraded its flagship
DOW seed which goes headto-head with
products from Alphabet and Anthropic.
Last week it also launched its seance 2
video 2.0 video model, a competitor of
OpenAI's Sora. And actually this is a
video that you can see here generated by
Seance that's going viral online. So
this is Brad Pitt and Tom Cruz fighting.
And this was posted by a user on X and
actually it came with the caption that
this was created by a twoline prompt in
Seed Dance 2. So there's, you know,
obviously a big concern around the
quality of of of these sorts of video
models that are continuing to get better
and better essentially. You know, just
until a couple of months ago around
about that point, it was it was quite
glitchy and clunky, but but now I mean
this is this is really uh quite
impressive technology.
>> No, it it really is. And so I'm trying
I'm racking my brain if they've ever
starred recently in a movie together,
right? cuz that's the first thing you
would think of. And I think it was okay,
I'm going to date myself substantially
with this.
I think it was Interview with the
Vampire in 1994,
but that's completely besides the point
here, which I I think is what we want to
get to here as far as that.
>> Well,
the two is concerned.
>> I guess your point there 1994 certainly
we weren't thinking about uh CGI of this
sort of quality. No, no, but the the
fact that you could even produce
something like and we're barely
scratching the surface as it pertains to
this as well, right? it just underscores
number one obviously security concerns
um and the like but yes I mean this just
comes on the back of the broader trend
we're waiting for and you know you
talked about Alibaba and that local
report just literally a few minutes back
that they're launching separately of
course their own QN uh 3.5 model comes
ahead of this holiday when we're
expecting separately
>> large speculation around perhaps
Deepseek giving an update to theirs
possibly too
>> yeah I mean we've seen a lot of
foundation model updates and that's more
on sort of the the text prompt models,
but video really represents a new
frontier essentially because this is
really a chance for for companies to
look to monetize their AI operations and
and you've seen for instance the the the
sheer out performance we had of quaou
for instance last year of their clingai
uh app essentially that's also heavily
integrated takes pretty much as much
revenue that it has in China it's also
taking already in the US and is already
working as well with studios in
Hollywood.
>> I mean, it it changes the ball game
completely when you look at how it
changes the business model, right? And
the traditional cost inputs that go into
producing a movie, right? And you can
have the two A-listister Hollywood
superstars like that without having to
pay them.
>> Well, I guess that's why you get the big
push back from Hollywood and studios
being very concerned about artist rights
and and you know, exactly what the
future holds. But like we've seen
disruptions across every sector, the
film one is not exempted. More ahead,
this is Bloomberg.